Hey how's it going guys my name is Dave
2d and I've been using the new Dell
Venue 8 7840 for the past couple of days
and I just want to share some quick
thoughts with you guys the first thing
is the packaging now Dell was never
really known for amazing packaging but
on a premium tablet like this they're
still using that brown cardboard box uh
ok the tablet itself super thin I think
it's six millimeters which is the
thinnest on the market if I'm not
mistaken and really nice and thin bezels
so when you're holding it it just feels
it feels really nice I the one thing
that's a little weird is that because of
the super thin bezels you're you have a
tendency to hold it down by its chin and
when you're doing that you're covering
the front facing camera you're covering
the speakers and you often cover the
cameras in the back so not really a flaw
but it makes you wonder if they could
have you know done something a little
different the processor they put in this
was the new Intel quad core atom now if
you'll snap you overall but there's
definitely some lag when it comes to
doing the photo editing like the 3d
photos which I'll get into later the
screen is nice and crispy I find that
the colors are good for an OLED without
it being too saturated speakers nice and
loud it gets a little distorted at
higher volumes but that's kind of the
nature of tablet speakers now software
wise it's missing lollipop I've grown to
love the lollipop experience and I think
that you know with Dell they're not the
fastest when it comes to updating their
operating systems on their tablets and
stuff so what like I mean KitKat took
them I think like six seven months to
get when they're running jelly bean so I
imagine you know it'll be summer or
maybe even like early fall before this
thing gets a lollipop
so we'll see four point four is it feels
dated once you've used lollipop for a
while but I think that'll just resolve
itself in time now the big thing that
a lot of people are buying this tablet
for or are interested in this tablet for
is the camera now I've used the camera
for I'd say like 7080 shots I'm not a
huge photography person but I like
taking photos and I think the whole
concept of the depth the depth changing
thing is really cool on paper
I remember watching some tech demos at
the Intel Developer Forum in September
yeah at September or October last year
and the tech looked awesome you to be
able to it's basically like a light row
camera right you can take a picture and
adjust your focus
after you've taken the picture which
seems really cool on paper now when I
got this thing I've started taking
pictures indoors and I was like wow this
thing this thing takes really bad photos
but then it turns out the image you see
in the live preview is just really
crappy the photos are a little better
not great but they're better than what
it looks like on the screen now in terms
of the realsense 3d camera it's pretty
cool to play with it for a bit but then
for me the novelty wore off pretty quick
just because the image quality was
relatively poor I've only used a camera
for a couple of days so I'm not sure
where I stand yet with the whole
realsense camera thing on one hand I
feel like there's apps out there that
can create or at least simulate
artificially using software a very
similar experience by you know
artificially changing the focal point of
a photo but it's cool that this thing
has hardware and I feel like there are
other applications that having three
lenses can be used for there's a tool in
the camera application that supposedly
lets you measure the distance between
two points you kind of tap out on the
photo but every time I use it the the
measurements weren't particularly
accurate and it just felt pretty
gimmicky overall I think it's a pretty
good tablet my issues with the camera I
just have high expectations for cool
tech like that and I thought that you
know with that with the amount of hype
it had received from CES and the IDF
last year I thought it'd be really cool
but maybe just needs a little more
testing on my part but yeah if you guys
liked the video give it a like and sub
if you want to sub it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time